# CI/CD Workflow
## Create CodePipeline
### Choose Pipeline Settings
- Search for *CodePipeline* and click on **Create pipeline**.
- Give your pipeline a name and select the type. I will be using *ResumePipeline* and choosing *V1*.
- Since we don't already have a *Service role*, we will be creating a **New service role**. This allows CodePipeline to interact with other AWS services on your behalf.
- We can skip *variables* and *advanced settings*. Click **Next**.

### Add Source Stage
<sub>The instructions below will assume your source code is also hosted on GitHub</sub>
- For the *source provider*, we will be selecting **GitHub (Version 2)**.
- Because this is our first time creating a connection, we will need to **Connect to GitHub**.
- For my *Connection name*, I will be using *github-cloud-resume*. Then click **Connect to GitHub**.
- We should be prompted to **Authorize AWS Connector for GitHub**.
- We'll now need GitHub Apps to create a link for our connection. To do this, click **Install a new app**.
- Because of the Principle of Least Privilege, we will allow AWS access only to *select repositories*.
- Once selected, click **Install** and proceed with the verification process.
- When finished, click **Connect**. You should see a success message saying *Ready to connect. Your GitHub connection is ready for use*.
- Under *respository name*, we'll select the repo we just connected to AWS Codepipline.
- Be sure to have *push in a branch* selected as our *pipeline trigger*. This option will have our AWS CodePipeline triggered whenever new changes are pushed to a specific branch. In our case, we'll choose **main** under the *branch name* option.
- Leave the *output artifact format* as *CodePipeline default* and click **Next**.

### Add Build Stage
- Since we are deploying a static website, we won't need to add a build provider.
- Click **Skip build stage**. You may be asked to confirm the selection. If so, click **Skip**.

### Add Deploy Stage
- For our *deploy provider*, we will select **Amazon S3**.
- Select the *region* where our bucket is located. It is **US East (N. Virginia)** for me.
- Select your *bucket* and click **Next**.
